[Doc] Add a new configuration `managedLedgerInfoCompressionType` (#11563)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

|haProxyProtocolEnabled | Enable or disable the [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/) protocol. |false|
| maxTopicsPerNamespace | The maximum number of persistent topics that can be created in the namespace. When the number of topics reaches this threshold, the broker rejects the request of creating a new topic, including the auto-created topics by the producer or consumer, until the number of connected consumers decreases. The default value 0 disables the check. | 0 |
|subscriptionTypesEnabled| Enable all subscription types, which are exclusive, shared, failover, and key_shared. | Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared |

> / managedLedgerInfoCompressionType / ManagedLedgerInfo compression type, option values (NONE, LZ4, ZLIB, ZSTD, SNAPPY), if value is NONE or invalid, the managedLedgerInfo will not be compressed. Notice, after enable this configuration, if you want to degrade broker, you should change the configuration to `NONE` and make sure all ledger metadata are saved without compression. | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| managedLedgerInfoCompressionType | Compression type of `ManagedLedgerInfo`. <br><br> Available values are `NONE`, `LZ4`, `ZLIB`, `ZSTD`, and `SNAPPY`. <br><br> If the value is `NONE` or invalid, the `managedLedgerInfo` is not compressed. <br><br> **Note** that after enabling this configuration, if you want to degrade broker, you need to change the value to `NONE` and ensure all ledger metadata are saved without compression before starting to degrade. | NONE |
```
